# ArkanoidCloneV2
 
 Workflow:
We decided to keep the git simple with only two branches, because it was a small production. We had the dev branch, which was the branch we worked on mainly, all through the production of the game, when we were integrating assets, scenes or new features. When we had a few pushes in Gitkraken working and ready, we merged the dev branch in the main branch. We tried to do it regularly to  have a separate clean branch from the dev one in case we had any conflicts on this one. 
    We all had separate roles in this production. We communicated regularly to be sure to not work on the same scene at the same time, or to be sure that we were not working on the same features. Someone could be working on creating some UI screens while someone else could be integrating assets and another one would be working on the code. We made sure to always be aware of what everyone was doing in the project to be sure to not create any problems. We helped each other out with the use of gitkraken and we made sure to always pull any change made by the others before committing and pushing our own changes, and to not push at the same time. We worked a lot with the prefab system to simplify things for everyone, and if we had to modify one of them, we warned the others and made sure it was okay. In short, we divided the work clearly for everyone and we asked regularly to the others if they had made any changes or where they were in their work. We organised the work in a very specific order too : programing the main features first, then building assets with specific themes alongside creating the level designs, then integrating all the levels in different scenes...
